BULLET TRAIN 

R16: Graphic Violence & offensive language
An original movie event, Bullet Train is a fun, delirious action-thriller from the director of Deadpool 2, David Leitch. Brad Pitt headlines an ensemble cast of eclectic, diverse assassins – all with connected yet conflicting objectives – set against the backdrop of a non-stop ride through modern-day Japan.
Release Date:	03/08/2022
Running Time:	126 mins

	
THOR: LOVE AND THUNDER 

M: Violence
The film finds Thor on a journey unlike anything he’s ever faced – a quest for inner peace. But his retirement is interrupted by a galactic killer known as Gorr the God Butcher, who seeks the extinction of the gods.
Release Date:	06/07/2022
Running Time:	119 mins

	
NOPE 

R13: Violence, horror & offensive language
Oscar® winner Jordan Peele disrupted and redefined modern horror with Get Out and then Us. Now, he reimagines the summer movie with a new pop nightmare: the expansive horror epic, Nope.
Release Date:	11/08/2022
Running Time:	130 mins


TOP GUN: MAVERICK 

M: Violence & offensive language
After more than thirty years of service as one of the Navy’s top aviators, Pete “Maverick” Mitchell (Tom Cruise) is where he belongs, pushing the envelope as a courageous test pilot and dodging the advancement in rank that would ground him.
Release Date:	24/05/2022
Running Time:	130 mins

ELVIS

M: Drug use
Oscar-nominated filmmaker Luhrmann (“The Great Gatsby,” “Moulin Rouge!”) explores the life and music of Presley, through the prism of his complicated relationship with his enigmatic manager, Colonel Tom Parker, played in the film by two-time Oscar winner Tom Hanks (“Forrest Gump,” “Philadelphia”). The story will delve into their complex dynamic spanning over 20 years, from Presley’s rise to fame to his unprecedented stardom, against the backdrop of the evolving cultural landscape and loss of innocence in America.
Release Date:	23/06/2022
Running Time:	159 mins


MINIONS: THE RISE OF GRU 

PG: Violence
In the 1970s, young Gru tries to join a group of supervillains called the Vicious 6 after they oust their leader -- the legendary fighter Wild Knuckles. When the interview turns disastrous, Gru and his Minions go on the run with the Vicious 6 hot on their tails. Luckily, he finds an unlikely source for guidance -- Wild Knuckles himself -- and soon discovers that even bad guys need a little help from their friends.
Release Date:	24/06/2022
Running Time:	90 mins

